cell-guidelines.md, before:

# Useful levels

- Level 6: Ingress Cell level. These are the cells denoted ALPHA, ROMERO, etc.
- Level 13: EX Raid Gym Allocation
  - One EX raid gym will be promoted as a target per raid period, in each level 13 cell as of [03/18](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/7zyrkt/recent_ex_wave_now_uses_s2_cells_level_13/?st=jgszul5t&sh=8c178358).
  - EX potential gyms are gyms that are marked as parks on OpenStreetMaps.  Uuse the OSM tiles from iitc.me. Note: parks denoted after they generated their map do not count as parks for this purpose, use overpass-turbo to determine when your parks are created.
- Level 14: Gym allocation
  - 2-5 objects - 1 will be a gym
  - 6-19 objects - 2 will be a gym
  - 20 or more - 3 will be a gym
- Level 17: Pokemon Stop allocation. New stops will not be created in Pokemon Go, even if accepted and created in Ingress, if a point of interest (gym or stop) already exists in that level 17 cell. If counting for gym allocations, count 1 item per level 17 cell, even if there are multiple POI in the cell.
- Level 20: Ingress Portal allocation. New Ingress portals will not be created in Ingress, even if accepted in OPR, if a POI already exists in the same L20 cell.

Commit message:

Update gym conversion info.
We learned from psicotix that thumbs up count is the first factor for determining stop to gym conversion, and tested this successfully in town.

cell-guidelines.md, after:

# Useful levels

- Level 6: Ingress Cell level. These are the cells denoted ALPHA, ROMERO, etc.
- Level 13: EX Raid Gym Allocation
  - One EX raid gym will be promoted as a target per raid period, in each level 13 cell as of [03/18](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/7zyrkt/recent_ex_wave_now_uses_s2_cells_level_13/?st=jgszul5t&sh=8c178358).
  - EX potential gyms are gyms that are marked as parks on OpenStreetMaps.  Uuse the OSM tiles from iitc.me. Note: parks denoted after they generated their map do not count as parks for this purpose, use overpass-turbo to determine when your parks are created.
- Level 14: Gym allocation.  Gyms are converted from stops first by most thumbs up count on the ingress photo. If all thumbs up in the region are identical, the oldest POI in the cell will become a gym.
  - 2-5 objects - 1 will be a gym
  - 6-19 objects - 2 will be a gym
  - 20 or more - 3 will be a gym
- Level 17: Pokemon Stop allocation. New stops will not be created in Pokemon Go, even if accepted and created in Ingress, if a point of interest (gym or stop) already exists in that level 17 cell. If counting for gym allocations, count 1 item per level 17 cell, even if there are multiple POI in the cell.
- Level 20: Ingress Portal allocation. New Ingress portals will not be created in Ingress, even if accepted in OPR, if a POI already exists in the same L20 cell.
